Update how-to-update-handbook.md (#535)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-update-handbook.md

Creating a new page follows the same process as above, with two exceptions:

* Navigate to that section of the handbook where you'd like to add the new page and select **Create new file**.

> * Add your new page to the [Handbook table of contents](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook/blob/0.2.1/SUMMARY.md). If you plan to reorder the table of contents as part of your change, please tag jason.blais or justine.geffen as a redirect may need to be set up to accommodate the change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add your new page to the [Handbook table of contents](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook/blob/0.2.1/SUMMARY.md). If you plan to reorder the table of contents as part of your change, please tag @jason.blais or @justine.geffen in Mattermost (@jasonblais or @justinegeffen in GitHub) as a redirect may need to be set up to accommodate the change.
```

You can update the left-hand navigation in the [SUMMARY.md](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook/blob/0.2.1/SUMMARY.md) file.

**Important note:**

> Gitbook dynamically changes the URL based on the location in the TOC. This means that when things are moved around, the previous link is broken. There is a redirect file that we use to prevent this in the `gitbook.yaml` file. Please tag @jason.blais or @justine.geffen for assistance with this if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitBook dynamically changes the URL based on the location in the table of contents. This means that when a page changes its location, the previous link results in a 'page not found' error.

There is a redirect file that we use to prevent this in the `gitbook.yaml` file. Please mention @jason.blais or @justine.geffen in Mattermost (@jasonblais or @justinegeffen in GitHub) for assistance if needed.
```
